the New Zealand outs a great for winter
sports
resorts like this have become a mecca
for skiers bristling the development and
heaving with eager holidaymakers
their natural boldness curiosity and
opportunism
and now peers to move in and take full
advantage of the ski fields during the
winter months
outdoor cafes and restaurants are just
one big smorgasbord
it doesn't take hungry birds long to
develop a taste for fast food and strong
drink
the curious care will try anything once
experimentation rather than instinct is
the hallmark of intelligence this is far
from bad for them the high calories in
junk food are just what is needed to
supplement their regular diet of plants
and berries